---
date: 17/11/2022
---

# Call to Order

This meeting took place at 17:00 on the 17th of November, lead by
President Ben McConville.

# Sederunt

## Banking update

All reimbursements have been made, access to the bank account has been
done. Bank transfer is recommended for future reimbursements. Ben and
Sophie are looking to speak to the morningside Santander.

## Sponsorship update

Waiting to hear back from Sainsbury's Bank, they're willing to sponsor
HTB. A meeting is being setup for sponsors contacted within the last
week. Edinburgh innovations are looking for help with advertising on
both ends, with us being able to use the innovations room.

## Meeting with SIGINT

Updated SIGINT on the changes being made within. They've been informed
that we have the bank account. Add a section in the form that will let
CompSoc know which SIG is being paid in/out and how much. We've asked
SIGINT to keep a note of how much has been paid in, just for simple
tracking reasons. CompSoc are streamlining the handover process, SIGINT
are hoping for less middleman-y things in the future. A wiki is being
setup, but the transparency is needed to increasing, having a wiki to
let future committees know what to do in the future, to improving
handovers. SIGINT are requesting CompSoc's help for a SIGINT conference
next semester, especially as it is planned to be much bigger than the
yearly PwnED event.

## Upcoming Social Events

**Event 1:** November 30th STMU -- changes needed\

**Event 2:** Promoting Royal Halloway CompSoc Events\
**Event 3:** Movie night this week\

**Event 4:** Christmas market walk\

## Potential Events

-   Sporting events in Semester 2.

-   Browser/Editor Wars (Week beginning 7th November)

-   Coding/Gaming Workshops

-   Hack Week

-   CV/Interview workshop

-   Obscure language workshops

-   Movie night

-   Board Game Night

# Adjournment

Ben adjourns the meeting at 18:20.\
Minutes taken by: Maya Copeland
