---
date: 2022-06-22 5:00pm
---

**Present:** Ben. M, Krzysztof. G, Kshitij. S, Amy. Y, Charlotte. A

* Events
  * Pub Crawl: Looking into pubs, Talking to Pear Tree today
  * Scavenger Hunt: Planning and Talking
  * Movie Night: Continue doing them but look into non-pub alternative venues
  * BBQ: Twice a year in the meadows

* STMU Venue
  * EUSA confirmed bookings: 23 Sep, 07 Oct, 21 Oct, 04 Nov
  * EUSA rejected bookings: 18 Nov, 02 Dec
  * Venues: Informatics Forum, TechCube, Sports Union Hall
  * Speakers: Sponsors/Professors/PHD Students
    * September: Phil?
    * Potential Speakers later: Kim
  * If we need a backup venue on either of the rejected days, talk to ITO/Neil about using Appleton lecture theatres

* Cupboard
  * Documenting in google sheet 

* TODO:
  * @Kshitij @Ben @Krzysztof @Charlotte setup a meeting with relevent previous committee members regarding SIGs
  * @Charlotte @Greg talk about sigweb and PRs/Issues on website repo
  * @Ben talk to tardis about official recognition as a SIG + mention on compsoc website
  * @Committee upload a picture to the website (PR it or ask Greg) 
  * @Amy message Maya about gamesoc event in freshers
