---
date: 06/12/2023 15:00
---

# 2023/12/06 CompSoc SIG Committee Meeting

> *Discussion centered around sponsorship, SIG funding, event planning, and communication strategies. Aimed at streamlining SIG activities and enhancing collaboration within CompSoc.*

Attendees:
- CompSoc Committee Members (Including Fergus, Ali)
- Representatives from SIGs including SIGINT, GameDevSig, Project Share, Tardis Project

## Key Discussion Points

- **SIG Funding**: Total funding from the school is Â£7k. Specific requirements for pwnED and tuple events discussed.
- **Communication with Neal**: All communication to be channeled through Fergus.
- **SIG Funding Sources**:
  - Directly through CompSoc.
  - Informatics school SIG pool.
  - Individual sponsors contacted directly by SIGs.
- **Event Marking**: Large events such as (pwnED and tuple) will be marked and evaluated individually for funding.

## SIG Requirements

- **Overview**: Each SIG to provide a 500-word overview.
- **Target Demographics**: Clearly identify the target audience for each SIG.
- **Pitch Deck**: CompSoc will style the pitch deck. SIGs can send a couple of pictures (optional).
- **Attendance Tracking**: Record the number of people at events, including special events.
- **Sponsorship Inclusion**: Include existing/close contact sponsors in communications.

## HackTheBurgh

- **SIG Participation**: Discussed each SIG potentially giving a 45-minute talk during the event.

---
