---
date: 08/11/2023 15:00
---

# 2023/11/08 SIG Meeting

> *This is the first occurence of fortnightly SIG meetings, separate from Committee meetings. The aim is to discuss issues that affect SIGs, individual SIG problems & event updates, and any updates with budgeting/funding.*

Attendees:
- Committee (Fergus (pres.), Ali (vp.), Sophie (treasurer), Yuto (graphic des.))
- QuantSIG (Alex, Sachin)
- CloudSIG (Juin)
- Tardis Project (Aria)
- GameDevSig (Krzysztof)
- Project Share (Vojtech)
- TypeSig (Amy)
- SIGINT (Jacob in place of Lorian)

**Consolidated TODOs**:
- **SIGs** to request any additional funds apart from the base 300 (exceptions for TypeSig [500] and SIGINT [1500] for conferences) through Fergus (who will contact Neil)
- **SIGs** to put down email addresses in Discord #sigs to view funding spreadsheet that Sophie owns
- **SIGs** to draft up and send to Fergus (Discord/email) their target demographics, average attendee numbers, and what kind of things companies can get out of you
- **GameDevSig** to draft up an event idea by end of this week for a late-semester that Vincent can advertise in-class.
- **QuantSIG** to refresh posters and put them up for more visibility.
- **Fergus** to think about the AGM-style event ("Re-freshers event" in January) for SIG showcase. Potentially raise with Committee.
- **Fergus** to ask School about use of lockers for SIGs or alternatively making the cupboard more accessible out-of-hours.
- **Ali**/**Fergus** to sort out November and January STMU speakers, for which Tardis (Aria) is available to do a talk.
- **Yuto** to distribute CompSoc brand logos in color and monochrome.
- **Yuto** to draft up several mini-logo designs and placement on graphics, and optionally send out poll to SIGs if cannot decide.
- **Yuto** to create a SIG showcase poster and/or a graphic for the TV screen (likely 16:9).
- **Adam** or other interested members to overhaul website and include more things in SIG section, make meeting minutes more visible, update sponsor logos, potentially add event images.

---

## Funding

- **Problem**: Neil has brought up that it is too many SIGs for him to fund
  - **Solution**: Fergus will be meeting Neil weekly anyway. Fergus to formalise a "contract" thing for SIGs, so SIGs can request through Fergus and the School can get guarantees that it will be used for the requested SIG only
- CompSoc Funds:
  - Base funding for SIG doubled from 150 to 300 GBP
  - Exceptions for SIGINT (annual 1500) and TypeSig (500)
- Additional funds from the school (re: proposal above):
  - Contact Sophie with formalised request just like for society funds
    - Put down any hypothetical fund requests as definites as the paperwork requires this
- Sophie owns read-only spreadsheet of funds
  - **TODO**: SIGs to put down email addresses to view spreadsheet

## Commercialisation of CompSoc

- **Vision**: Selling CompSoc through the School of Informatics. Pursuade companies to purchase the sponsorship package for CompSoc & SIG.
- SIGs
  - **TODO**: SIGs to write target demographics
  - **TODO**: SIGs to write average attendee numbers
  - **TODO**: SIGs to write what kind of things companies can get out of you
- Timeframe
  - Anytime from next semester to next academic year
  - SIGs should prepare this academic year already -- making sure your SIG doesn't die (finding committee)

## AGM-style event for SIGs

- **Problem**: Many SIGs likely will have successor problems (bar TypeSig & Tardis who have an idea).
- **Proposed solution**: AGM-style event for SIGs. Students write manifestos, SIGs look over it.
- **Proposed solution**: Lots of SIGs this year (likely first time), so maybe a SIG Fair. "Re-freshers event".

## Meeting Rooms

- Payment now required for G.07.
  - TypeSig has had to pay 275 GBP (cheap for venue of that size, but still).
  - HTB & PwnEd likely will be able to pay up -- harder for smaller SIGs

## Branding

- **Problem**: CompSoc logo has to be on SIG graphics. However CompSoc logo color clashes (red vs blue on TypeSig). Logo size is also large and less legibile at small sizes
  - **Proposed solution**:
    - **TODO**: Yuto to distribute original logo and monochrome logo
    - **TOOD**: Yuto to propose several favicon / small logo / heart and get SIGs to poll
    - **TODO**: Yuto to formalise positions of logo on branding
    - Small logos/graphics should be for just general PR like insta/posters, but for conference posters or sponsorship decks, it should be full CompSoc logo.
      - This is to prevent situations like PwnEd last year where CompSoc logo was nowhere to be seen

- **Problem**: SIG visibility and gathering members
  - **Proposed Solution**: Poster for showcasing SIGs. Use TV in lower ground floor of AT.
  - **TODO**: Fergus to check how to get access to the TV.
  - **Problem**: Lots of SIG, likely crowded on a single poster or TV screen.
    - **Proposed solution**: Link to website or LinkTree. 
  - **Problem**: Website SIG section is barebones and website in general is not very used
    - **Proposed solution**: Overhaul website
    - **TODO**: Adam (or other interested members) to rehaul website to make SIGs section contain brief sentences like "we run events every Sunday".
    - **TODO**: Adam (or other interested members) to increase visibility of meeting minutes
    - **TODO**: Adam to add company logos to sponsorship section
    - Maybe start adding event photos to the News section?


## SIG-specific points

### GameDevSig

- **Problem**: On the verge of death in terms of finding next committee next year & getting consistent attendees
  - **Solution**: Sell it more as a side hobby instead of a daunting game project (such as game jams like how SIGINT do weekend CTFs, connect with other SIGs/societies to launch collab events)
- RockStar Games confirmed for 7th of February
- **Problem**: Target audience slightly unclear - the interested people seem busy
  - **Solution**: Target first years
    - **TODO**: GameDevSig to draft an event proposal (single sentence & date) by 12 November & CompSoc will get Vincent to market during lectures
    - (Perhaps a Haskell GameJam to target first years after the FP competition)

### QuantSIG

- **Problem**: Event attendee decreasing: Second one only approx. 15-16 attendees.
- **Proposed solution**: Take down posters and re-design and set them up with different colours for eye-catch.
- No updates with EUTIC since last time.

### Project Share

- **Problem**: Can we get lockers in AT for Project Share & other SIGs?
- Status of those lockers unsure, cupboard could be a viable alternative
  - **TODO**: Fergus to get School involved to get proper cupboard

### Tardis Project

- Available to do a talk about Tardis infrastructure
- Likely January STMU

### CloudSIG

- First event with Guest speaker around 20 attendees
- Next one 29 November
