---
date: 27/09/2023
---

## Welcome Week Events

In general, well-attented. Should do same quantity of events next year.

### Photo Scavenger Hunt

- Least attended.
- We should make it more related to computing things to stand out form other society's events.

## Todo

- Make articles on how to set up social events on CompSoc Committee Wiki
- Update spreadsheet with newer email addresses to help next president.
- Email AWSSIG and AlgoTradingSIG (see below).
- Hoppers, Cascaders: talk about it next meeting.
- Constitution amendments at EGM (see below).

## Sponsors

- Optiver are yet to respond, particularly for HTB
- Google will respond in November.
- Goal is £15k which appears to be achievable.
- If any committee members have contacts from internships or other networking then share with Fergus.

## Social stuff

- Look for partnership with Pilgrim Bar or Maki & Ramen (made from GameSoc).
- Make partnership with Pilgrim as opposed to Bar 50 in the future.
- Weekly low-effort event? Such as pub, movie, café night etc.
	- Two years ago café was tried but wasn't too popular, maybe combine with Project Share?

### STMU

- Speakers ready (Wadler, Project Share).
- Venue booked from 18:00 until 20:30, technically booked from 17:30 but someone else has it booked until 17:30 but says that they will finish at 16:00.

### EGM

- Positions open:
	- first year rep,
	- old person rep,
	- NEW: establish advisory role. See other important changes below.
- Increase members required for SIG up to 10 people, see the SIG section below for details.


## Graphics

- Sponsors need to be finalised before printing cards.

## Relationships with other societies

- Friendship with MathsSoc will be established more in the future.

## Other important changes

Ammir would like to help out with treasurer role, on-paper Sophie would stay as treasurer, and Ammir would 'advise'. Perhaps it could be called co-treasurer.

## HTB Planning

- Hackathons UK representative (Steph, Discord username `chari`), good friend of Charlotte, who has agreed to help.
- Definitely part of HTB team: Harsh (Discord username `undeadjoker`).
- Committee HTB member: Sophie
- Harsh should come to next committee meeting to decide how many to help out in the HTB team.
	- Also bring Aria because she organised it two years prior.

## SIGs

- Constitution:
	- Any SIG that wants to be set up needs 4 members (of CompSoc) and clearly defined goals.
	- The 'leader' (for some definition of 'leader') gets to sit with the committee meetings.
	- SIGs do get financial support but it isn't defined how much.
- We need to increase the required members from 4 up to 10.
- TypeSIG
	- Established. It's up to them to do whatever they wants because we can trust the members. 
- AWSSIG and AlgoTradingSIG
	- AWSSIG doesn't have enough members. We also don't like them being called AWSSIG, better would be CloudSIG.
	- AlgoTradingSIG doesn't have enough members too.
- Sophie will ask SIGs (including Tardis) how much money they need in the \#sigs channels (in particular SIGINT).

## Cupboard

- Games consoles moved to GameSoc.
- Drawer (with membership cards, etc.) things were removed which were important and drawer disposed of (?).
- Other things to be discussed next time.